Sometimes you need to return only the data from the response without any HTML and in such cases most
of the time you wanted in the Jason format.
Let's try it out by defining our new route.
Let's make this route available under fun slash Jason.
Response object, Jason method is the easiest way to return a Jason response, we can return the Post's
variable we have available in this file.
First, we need to add the youth statement for it so it is available within this anonymous function.
At the end of this course, you will find a complete section about making APIs that work with Jason.
For now, let's see this in action in the browser and later in the API client called Posman.
So the browser refers to let's hit this Farnsworth's Jason and Point.
That's our Jason returned and now the postman.
And this is our data.